this I know should know this one but
this one is really tough this that our
Kelly saw hexavalent son got to name the
name of the song oh my son this is a
remix or ignition or something is how it
is yeah
oh geez I know this one for sure no no
no idea
no clue I couldn't tell you I'm what
song's called and we keep listening to
it is it Marvin Gaye I forget the artist
which is probably embarrassing song is
ain't no mountain high ain't no mountain
high ain't no American no have you edit
that out
ain't no mountain no ain't no mountain
high ain't no mountain high hat that's
it god
my phone this is not my category and all
this
III know these guys come from great
country far far away it's not that my
target a finger there from my own
country Sweden
I called abba-abba-abba
dancing queen can be passing this one
the dancing queen the scoop of this
screenshot as a songwriter I'm done it
was so good that was so good I don't
even want to do anything
Oh